Hello everyone!
Good day!
My name is... Aiemon
(Doraemon Parody)
Today I'll be using the secret item called "The Anywhere Door"...
Let's travel around together!
*Aiemon fanfare sounds*
"Anywhere Door!"
Well then... hoi! Let's go! I wonder where we'll be...
Eh?
Ehe?!
Where am I?!
Save me! Save me Aiemon!
Where am I?! I can't go back home!
The "Anywhere Door" disappeared...
*Aiemon laughing*
Really...
Ai-chan, you always, always...
Lose your patience...
*Aiemon laughing*
Having said that...
I thought I'd be going somewhere spectacular, but...
I was in a kind of jungle in the middle of the mountains...
And I felt somewhat alone...
So I asked Aiemon...
And I’m back here!
So that being said, one more time, let's go!
YAMAHA!
Aiemon!
*inhales*
Can't we go to somewhere more... you know...
Somewhere more exciting
No, the instruments are cool, they really are, but...
But, can it be more... ah, but is this a Yamaha shop from across seas, right?
Eh? But really, can't we go somewhere...
Pianos are cool, the guitar as well...
They are, but!
Can't we go to somewhere more...
Mysterious? That's what I was thinking
Save me Aiemon!
Really...
Ai-chan, you really are helpless
*Aiemon fanfare sounds*
"Return Door"
So, using the return door, I’ve returned!
Next time...
Hopefully Aiemon will...
Take me to a spectacular place!
That being said, let's go!
Eh, eh, eh?
The North Pole
No, Aiemon...
I don't know if it's the North Pole or the South Pole, but...
(It's actually the South Pole)
It's wonderful
There's a lot of country flags, right?
It sort of looks like a ceremony
Am I a sacrifice?
It's incredible, but...
Well, at least...
I'd like to see an aurora
Ah!
But, look! Look! Look!
The stars are coming out
I can see a vast amounts of stars!
Eh?
Amazing!
I can see a lot of stars, Aiemon
Eh? That's amazing, that's amazing, right?
What is this? A fortune telling ball?
That predicts my future?
Ah! Look! Look! Aiemon
Ai-chan, you know...
I'm a little...
I'm tired, so...
You can return from this place to your virtual space...
Using your own strength, right?
You know, I'm a little...
Sleepy, so...
I'm going to sleep
Aiemon!
Wake up!
I can't get home!
*inhales*
After all, when I use the door, it disappears...
Get me out of here
*inhales*
Aiemon!
*Aiemon sleeping*
Yes...
*out of breath* For now it's that...
Because Aiemon...
*inhales*
Has fallen asleep...
Wouldn't you be scared if you slept in such a cold place?
I've returned to the virtual world on my own power, but...
I'm a little...
Lastly...
Since it was so cold a bit ago
I'd like to go to a warm place
That being said...
Let's go right ahead!
Hmm?!
What is this place?
Maybe it's-
AAAH!
It's a bath!
Isn't this a bath? ♨
Huh? But...
There are no girls...
There are no girls, right?
Aiemon! Aiemon!
Hey
Bring out a girl! A girl!
Don’t you have a tool to bring out a girl?
Hey, hey, hey
Bring out a girl, a girl!
It can't be helped anymore
Ai-chan is always, always...
Well then, here I go
*Aiemon fanfare sounds*
Wherever you are, Shizuka-chan! (quiet girl)
Ehe...
Shizuka-chan...
Shizuka-chan!
Maybe she's naked?
*perverted laugh*
*inhales*
I think it’s fine if she comes with a towel, but...
*slurps*
Aah... Shizuka-chan...
Kyaa!
Ai-san, you pervert!
*slap*
Translated by Mitsukitten, Lacrymac, Bararo, and Vortex